topic: poor way of parenting
main idea: spanking will result in anger and frustration
supporting evidence:In addition, the spanking may `actually lead to more aggressive behavior. Having learned that hitting is okay, the child may attack smaller children. Finally, the spanking teaches children to hide certain actions from their parents. Once out of their parent's sight, children may feel they can get away with the bad behavior.



topic wild animals aren't domestic
main idea : chimpanzees are unpredictable
supporting evidence:Though fun to watch, chimpanzees should not be kept as pets. It takes a very strong man to pull a quarter of that Combined with this strength is the fact that a chimp is capable of lesing ts temper for reasons known only to the chimp Chimps tigral their feelings with subtle cues of behavior that aren't apparent to most humans.

topic everything beyond limit is harmful
main idea : caffine in small quantity is helpful
supporting evidence: Despite being natural, caffeine is also a powerful drug which greatly affects the body, In healthy, rested people, a dose of 100 milligrams increases alertness, banishes drowsiness, quickens reaction time, it enhances intellectual and muscular efron, and increased heart and respiratory rates Drinking on to two cups of coffee an hour before exercise encourages the body to preserve glycogen and bum fat - something that results is greater endurance In addition, caffeine masks fatigue.



topic: science of shopping
main idea:women do better shopping then men,keeping all things in mind such as price tags,quantity,quality
supporting evidence:86 percent of women look at price tags when they shop Only 2 percent of men do For more the price tag is almost mature of us
masculinity As Tesu, men are more towards encouraged to buy more expensive  versions of the same products


topic causes of reduced sleep at night
main ideas losing one or two hour in night may lead to slower reaction time
supporting evidence:Fifty years ago. Extensive research shows that losing an hour or two of sleepover night week after week, month aller man makes it ove difficult for people to pay attention especally so monotonous tasks and to remember things Reaction time slow down behavior becomes unpredictable, logical rescued und accidents and consider while productivity and the ability to make decisions decline Students fall asleep in class and fail to leam alt that they should.







topic: people prefer to be in a group
main idea:people's chance of survival and reproduction when in groups rather than in isolation 
supporting evidence:Further people join groups because of the social status and identity that dhey ofer An important part of people feeelings of self-worth comes from their identification with particular groups Even a relatively low-status group can be a source of for individuals who are held m high esteem within the group being big fish in small pots can make people feel good about themselves, panicular people from individualist cultures.